docs: Conflicting fixes (#16366)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/developer-guide/working-with-rules.md

});
```

#### Conflicting Fixes

> Conflicting fixes are fixes that apply different changes to the same part of a string.

Reviewer: “string” seems a bit too generic for this context. 

```suggestion
Conflicting fixes are fixes that apply different changes to the same part of the source code.
```

> There is no way to specify which of the conflicting fixes is applied.

Author: i believe "is" is more correct here b/c we're not talking a direct cause/effect, not probable cause/effect, as "should" implies. also "is" is more concise.

> For example, if two fixes want to modify characters 0 through 5, only one is applied.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this sentence should be before the previous sentence, so that we first explain that only one fix can be applied and then that there is no way to specify which one.

Author: i think it makes sense to keep in it's current location b/c this way all of the explanation occurs before the example, rather than breaking up the explanation aroudn the example.
